docs: add DO_NOT_TRACK environment variable to telemetry documentation (#22076)
netdata/netdata: docs/netdata-agent/configuration/anonymous-telemetry-events.md

To confirm that telemetry is disabled:

1. Check that the `.opt-out-from-anonymous-statistics` file exists in your config directory, **OR**

> 2. Verify that either the `DISABLE_TELEMETRY` or `DO_NOT_TRACK` environment variable is set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Verify that the `DISABLE_TELEMETRY` environment variable is set in the environment used to start the Netdata daemon
```
